♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me. Only you... ♫
Hold on.
Until when are you going to be like this? Did you get caught doing something?
Don't look at her.
The look in her eyes says she's planning something crazy. If you acknowledge her, you're done for.
What? Why... Why are we done for?
You're never safe around Jang Hari.
- But... I didn't do anything wrong.
- I'm a bit scared.
Then since you think you're safe, why don't you deal with her?
Do I have to prepare myself?
Before she talks to me, I'll be going.
Okay, we'll start now.
Okay, release your tension, lower your shoulder, tuck in your chin, and look at the camera lens.
1, 2, 3... All right, good.
Yoon Jaeyoung. His words may be blunt, but his personality's not all bad.
If the baby takes after him, it'll be smart.
No. There's something really annoying about him.
Han Yisang.
His personality seems to be bad but weirdly also good.
His curiosity and his mind to take on challenges are good.
No... I can't talk to him.
Choikang Eutteum.
What is he like?
Great work!
- You worked hard!
- You worked hard! Thank you!
You worked hard.
Wait.
- Eutteum.
- Yes?
Where are you all going together?
I need to hurry and look after Doha. Aunt must be having a hard time.
I need to quickly report to Manager Kim that it ended well.
I need to eat lunch and go to a photoshoot. Do you have something to say to me?
That lunch... I'll buy it.
That turned out well! You guys can eat together. Eat deliciously!
Where are you going?
Mom doesn't have a schedule in the afternoon.
What's wrong with you? How could you let her take care of the baby all day? It's hard on Aunt.
Mom is having a hard time, but does she have to concern herself over your lunch, too? Eat and then go home.
Yeah, you should. You three can chat and have a good time.
You should come, too.
Manager Kim is working outside right now.
He has probably come back already.
I heard him loudly say this morning that he had a lunch appointment with a client.
Mr. Eutteum, I have a lunch appointment with a client. I'll be back late.
Yes, yes. Yes?
I AM COMING BACK AFTER EATING LUNCH. EAT. LUNCH.
LATE.
Let's go.
Brace yourselves. All right, let's go.
What are you doing? Picking a husband?
Let's see. I pick...
I'll text you. Fighting!
Why is nobody sitting beside me?
We're comfortable like this right now. Why did you want to suddenly eat with us?
Just because. We should get closer.
The three of you were put together suddenly, so I think we should get to know each other better.
I got scared for no reason. We're all scared of you. Isn't that fascinating?
- This one's pretty fearless.
- It's because he's young. He doesn't know what's coming.
- Am I scary?
- Look at your eyes. They are so scary right now.
Well...
Since I've aged, I've realized how precious friends are.
We should meet like this often, become friendly, and take care of each other's health.
With that said, Mr. Eutteum?
- Yes?
- You look really healthy. Your household must have a healthy constitution.
There's no family history of diseases, right?
- There isn't anybody sick in my household.
- Oh really?
Meanwhile, my body's not what it used to be. They say your body starts to deteriorate the minute you turn 40.
Maybe that's what's happening to me. I ache here and there, right?
- I'm not hurting here or there.
- No chronic diseases?
- There's no way.
- I see. That's nice.
We are at the age where we need to be sensitive about our health.
If we drink alcohol, we wake up the night after. If we pull an all-nighter, we sleep for two days.
So before we develop a serious disease, we should diligently check our health twice a day.
As a doctor, I can tell you have a liver problem.
But you can't have mine. It's hardened from all the alcohol.
You're eliminated.
You guys are like real siblings. When did you become friends?
Unfortunately, since we were in the womb, our mothers were friends.
No wonder. You two are like elementary children.
Your manners are proper. You smile while dissing at our first meeting.
Weren't you guys cousins? Aunt's daughter?
You thought we were cousins, huh? We're friends. Boyfriend.
Boyfriend? He's your boyfriend?
Boy friend. Say it correctly.
Why do you live together if you are friends?
- Ah, he's leeching off our house—
- Can't we live together?
We're...
in that type of relationship.
The relationship where you're going to get hit!
Since we've talked like this, it's nice to get to know each other.
Let's... slowly and deeply learn about each other.
- Yes, that sounds good. Cheers!
- Cheers!
- Here you go.
[Episode 4: The Time Needed to Understand One Another]
Stand right there!
Follow me.
You're not coming?
I'm sorry, I did something that would get cursed at.
- You didn't know you were going to get cursed at?
- I didn't know I'd get caught.
I know it's an action that will get cursed at.
But to be honest, I'm not sure if it's such a bad thing.
Why should a person's marital status determine ethics?
Am I supposed to debate with you right now? For a married couple,
it's easy to understand that they want a child.
Doing something that most people wouldn't accept is just crazy.
Then, do I become a crazy lady?
Don't be shocked. I never thought you were normal.
That's reassuring.
If you've already decided to, go and cause a big accident.
You're on my side?
No. Let's just say I understand that you're desperate.
Just make sure you deal with the aftermath yourself.
There's no way I would need to take responsibility, right? Who, besides us, recognized me?
Exactly. We all recognized you.
- That's her, right?
- Yeah.
So work relationships are meaningless in front of gossip.
Please drink deliciously.
Is it true?
- What is?
- I heard it's not your first time.
I heard that's how you got your first child.
- Is it a son or a daughter?
- They say a daughter!
- Who does she look like?
- They say exactly like you!
- She must be pretty.
- No, no.
There wasn't anything about her being pretty.
Well, I hope that the daughter who I didn't know I had will grow up well.
Does the conversation end with you abandoning your child?
Gosh!
It's not the time for her to be so calm.
What if I don't marry?
What if I don't have you either?
Do I just live for myself?
You said you lived for me.
Without a family, do I just take care of myself, live well by myself, and die?
How are you going to live being so lonely?
There are all sorts of sadness when you grow old.
Having nobody beside you.
Who's going to look after you when you're sick?
Are you going to drink?
- You shouldn't.
- Hush! Come here.
Jaeyoung,
what do you think of Hari?
Mom. Can I call you mom?
You seem like my biological mom to me lately.
What is it now? Hari and I have been friends since birth. We're practically family...
That's why I'm saying let's officially become a family!
Why don't you see Hari as a woman?
She's pretty, kind, funny,
is full of charms. There's no way you can't fall for her.
I know.
Why wouldn't I know that she's a fine woman?
That's why I can't.
Why would you put a divorced man with a baby with her?
Instead of me, she should meet a good man.
She should.
Ow, ow! It hurts!
Do I seem like an old man?
Here. Let's go.
We live together.
Why do you live together if you're friends?
Ah, he leeches off our house—
Can't we live together?
We're... in that type of relationship.
Hey, do you think that makes sense?
How could a grown man and woman
live together in one house?
Answer me.
You brat, why can't you talk?
Never mind, let's stop talking.
You've gotten old.
Why did you prepare so much?
I'll eat well.
Wow, it smells nice.
Do you want soup?
It looks tasty.
It's not that I won't marry even if I die,
it's just so hard to realistically meet a man.
There are no fine men around me.
And I, more than marriage, pregnancy is more—
M-Mom, I...
Why do you have no sense?
You need to eat your soup with rice. Why are you eating away your sense?
Granny was already upset enough as it is.
If you put it like that, do you think she would get more or less angry?
Let's grasp the situation here, Mom.
You're not it.
What's not it?
No.
Eat your food.
I must eat a lot.
Okay, could we get the kids to stand in the front?
Yes, let's gather!
Kids, look here!
Yay! Wow! That looks great.
You really found great models. The vibe they're giving off is great.
Let's just add a bit of lies and say they're a family of math geniuses,
financial geniuses, and art geniuses.
He looks fine.
You're handsome, huh? His nose is tall.
His jawline is sharp too, and his skin is so pale.
Isn't he friends with Jang Hari?
Yes. They have been friends since they were babies.
They had to separate when he got married, but recently, they've gotten friendly again.
He was married?
He said he loved his wife so much that he didn't want to see her at all.
This guy is divorced, has a baby, and moved into her house.
He has a baby?
Exactly. He has a baby.
He's perfect for her.
He's a doctor, there's nothing they don't know about each other, and he even has a baby.
He's dangerous.
What?
He has the face of a scammer.
Why are you jealous? You got caught!
When you feel anxious, you're likely to make the wrong move.
I'm saying this because you might meet any man saying you're lonely.
Why?
Do you think that I would just fall for any guy and suffer because I get stuck with a rude one?
No. It's because you look very rushed to get married and have kids.
Cause an accident only with me.
Whether I meet a trashy man or not, don't mind me.
Why would you meet a trashy man?
Are you the type that can't tell the difference between good and bad when you fall in love?
Yes. I can't differentiate that. I only know love.
But don't worry too much, because once I feel someone's not right for me, he'll never be right.
- Oh goodness!
- What?
It's hard to converse. Has my blood level dropped?
I must go get my blood sugar level fixed.
Why is he being like that?
Can you try a kihap?
(T/N: Shouting in taekwondo.)
Kihap!
Looks good. Nice!
Hold on.
Mom, it's tiring because I'm hungry.
Can't I do it after eating a hot dog?
So burdensome.
Next Wednesday is Father's memorial day. You should come. Mom is waiting for you.
Oh my, is it Paris this time?
You're traveling the world, thanks to Brother-in-Law.
Hey, hey! Wait.
Your father always asked for water before he ate his meals.
- Hey, try eating some of this.
- Mother, you should eat, too.
Eat up.
By the way, aren't you going to invite us over to your new house?
- I'll set a date just for the adults to come.
- Huh?
Brother-in-Law, our kids are calm.
I have a moái at home.
What? A kid?
(T/N: Moái sounds like "child")
Are you... living with her?
Mother-in-Law, it's a coal statue. A rock.
Why are you living with a rock?
I bought it recently.
I've been wanting one for a while.
They say you can't get married if you give your affection to things like figures or animals.
No, that won't do.
Do you want to try meeting the chief at my company? She's called the Golden Miss.
I think it's about time you started meeting other people.
No, thank you. I'm quite shy.
Do you know that Mom can't even sleep properly because she's so worried about you?
Until when are you going to keep acting up like this, as if you've reaped all the benefits of this world yourself?
Hey, hey! Cut it out!
I'll head out first.
Hey! You were in the middle of— Hey!
Honey.
Goodness, that punk!
Uncle, are you not getting married to Inha?
Byul, do you still remember Inha?
Inha bought me the Elsa dress.
Oh my. Wow, our Byul is so smart.
Wow, you must be happy that Byul is so smart.
I went to go see Cinderella with Big Sister Inha, too!
Han Byul, be quiet!
Uncle's marriage has been ruined. Inha ran away.
Inha is banned, you poop idiot!
Mom, Brother called me a poop idiot!
It's okay.
Why are you calling your younger sister a poop idiot? You're going to get in trouble!
What did I do wrong?
Goodness, it's so loud! Stop fussing!
[Dachae Media]
Hello. You said you needed someone strong, so I came.
We need to get the gift bags for "The Mom" launch ceremony from storage.
You probably won't be able to get all of it in one go.
Choi Hyojoo, where are you going?
Yes? Ah, I have a meeting. I'll be back.
No. You don't have a meeting.
I mean... the—
They're gathering the presents outside, so don't forget any and bring them all in.
Don't make three trips when you could've made two.
Oh, and bring two more bundles of magazines as well.
What?
Your cart.
You should push it in front of you, like me! This is more convenient.
Forget it!
If it were up to me, I would push the cart for you.
However, I heard that to contemporary women, it's not considered good manners,
but overstepping my boundaries.
Who said such things?
My mom. She's a feminist.
She says that I shouldn't treat women as weak people who can't even lift their own bags.
Never, ever.
I think she just said that because she hated seeing her son carrying his girlfriend's bags.
I'm okay, so you should drag this in my stead.
Excuse me.
I'll see you next time.
Yes, I'll contact you. Take care.
Did you have a meeting?
We just picked an infertile couple. Are you going to the storage?
Yes.
Are you going to die?
Yes. It looks like my clothes are about to die.
It's seen the light for the first time today.
That's true, your clothes are bit vibrant for the stor—
I'll go.
Really?
Nothing should die. Let's go.
Okay. See you!
So annoying.
Director, should I take these out, too?
Be careful!
Don't worry. I'm used to this much, because I've worked part-time at a warehouse before.
A warehouse? I thought you were the type to have been raised softly in your mother's embrace.
I did it as I was applying for jobs. Now I'm glad I did, it's useful for this.
What should I do with this?
Let's just take down two bundles.
Right.
The younger you are, the better your chances of reproducing.
What?
Huh?
Right.
The younger you are, the better your chances of reproducing.
- What?
- Huh?
Your ability to produce stamina! What I mean is that you have a lot of it.
I mean, since you're young, you're active
and you have a high rate of succeeding—
A high rate of succeeding?
So I mean you have a high rate of succeeding in society.
Since you're healthy.
Physically and mentally.
Thank you, Boss.
Boss, is there anything more that I can help with?
I shall help you with everything with this healthy physicality.
Let's see, I think we need more of the t-toys...
Toys, okay. Got it!
[äagen-Dazs]
The response to our pictures is great. Do you think they'll keep asking us to take them?
There's no reason not to.
That's true. There may be people who have not used you before, but there isn't anyone who's only used you once.
That's why I want to keep asking you to work with us, too.
Oh, no.
I really can't work with babies anymore. Goodness.
Excuse me, sorry.
Oh gosh, I'm so tired.
I'll hurry and go buy some medicine.
Don't worry about it. My mouth is just blabbering sounds to show that I've done hard work.
Like someone who shouts "eolssigu."
(T/N: Sounds made in traditional Korean performances.)
Come on. You might be fine now, but you might not even be able to make those sounds tomorrow.
At your age, it's good to take medicine beforehand.
I'm not that old.
The fact that you are tired means you're at least middle-aged.
Shall I hit him once?
Wait, I'll be back soon.
Are you able to ride the elevator?
There are a lot of people in the elevator?
Follow me well.
I'm sorry, could you please move a bit?
Our mom is a bit old, so she's very sore right now.
Although I'm young, Mother is old.
Please excuse us.
He's not a kid I can handle.
[Ness Beer]
It's empty. You eat it.
Hey, minors.
You should throw away the garbage in the trash can.
What the hell? I thought you were my dad.
Hey, just let them be. They look like they won't listen.
Give me a second.
What are you going to do?
Minors!
What? Don't film!
Who are you?
Me? I'm an adult.
Oh, so a boomer?
Let's just leave, instead of hearing insults from them. Okay?
Hey, boomer, get lost. Huh?
Kids, let's end this video with you guys
throwing the garbage into the trash can. Okay?
Okay.
Oh, oh, oh?
Okay, Kim Hojin, Yoon Namjoon.
Don't film!
Stop it! Grab his phone!
Hyung! Hyung!
- Hyung!
- Let's run!
Oh my goodness. Ouch!
- Ouch!
- I'm sorry! Sorry!
Are you okay?
I heard your eldest child got married. I couldn't go because I didn't know.
I'm sure I deposited the marriage gift to your account already.
Okay, okay. What about your second?
Oh, he's married?
You know, your firstborn, the math teacher?
Did he not divorce?
He didn't.
Gosh, when did I ever reject your son? We should set him up when he gets a job.
He's still unemployed?
Oh my goodness, what a waste.
How can I help you today?
Um... I'm wondering if you
could help my daughter with a very important thing she must accomplish within her lifetime.
- Sure.
- I have a lot of money laying around,
so I want to create a savings account or fund for her.
Let me take a look.
You have a nice personality. Are you married?
No, I'm not married.
Is that so?
Yes? Diaper?
Okay. Yeah.
You must have a nephew?
I have a son.
He was born before we could have our wedding.
There's a fund that has a good interest rate. Shall I tell you more about it?
No. I'm done with this operation.
[Guitar Academy]
Up, and two.
3, 4.
1, 2, 3, 4.
- All right! 1, 2, 3, 4.
- That one is okay... not bad?
Now with your thumb, 2,
3, 4.
Maybe not...
Okay, we'll end here for today. You did well!
[Cultural guitarist who plays for the people.]
Yes?
I—
Ah... Yes, my d-daughter—
Yes, Ma'am?
I'm sorry.
Goodness! Goodness!
My goodness, there are so many men in the world, who are they all married to?
When did this come in?
Your gastroscopy appointment is tomorrow.
(T/N: Exam of the stomach to check for gastritis and peptic ulcers.)
Has it already been three months?
Wow, you still have a lot to do.
No, we're almost done. The magazines are almost out, why do you want them?
What's the point of keeping them piled up? We can donate them to local community centers and postnatal care centers.
Soyeon, get a list for me.
Sure.
At this rate, we might end up giving away too many.
What do we do? We can't get a vehicle tomorrow. They don't have any extras.
- Why?
- Honestly speaking, it might be because we have less photoshoots now.
The magazine has gotten thinner recently.
I think we can transport the rest ourselves. Who's bringing a car tomorrow?
My husband took our car on a business trip.
Mine is at an auto shop.
Then I'll bring my dad's car tomorrow.
You have a driver's license?
Yes, I have a license but I haven't driven yet.
Who's going to do the photoshoot tomorrow?
Can we not ask a favor?
So... you broke your arm because of that person over there?
In return, I taught the kids how to properly throw away trash in the trashcan.
My Director Han is a grown-up who takes his responsibilities very seriously.
Right? Ouch.
When is tomorrow's photoshoot?
It's just a simple sketch of the event. Do you hate this type of work?
It's not like I'll die from a simple event sketch. What's there to like or hate?
It's just that suddenly working with "the baby" again has me a bit flustered.
But why do you guys always need so many little favors?
I hate when work relationships get blurry.
Don't we have a close enough relationship to ask each other for little favors?
Are we close? I thought you didn't even want to look at me anymore.
That's really disheartening. Didn't you hold me when I cried that one night?
If we aren't close, then why did you hug me?
When did I hug you? I just patted your back like this.
Sure.
The scary thing is, I went from hating you to liking you.
I guess I was the only one feeling closer.
[The Mom]
[The Mom 10th Term Launch Party]
[Dora]
[Jiyul's Mom]
Mic test.
Stop it already. The mic works fine.
Should I sing a song?
Forget the song. Go make some calls instead. Hasn't it been over an hour already?
You're here!
What took you so long?
I'll take you to your seats. The others aren't here yet.
The other moms aren't coming.
We came as the representatives to relay the news.
You're her, aren't you? The one who tried to illegally buy sperm.
How could a reporter for a baby magazine do such a thing? How unethical.
Right. We refuse to support a magazine with an unethical journalist.
I...
I thought moms would understand... my desire to become a mother.
We're like this because we're moms. We want our children to be raised in an upright environment.
We understand that there are women who want to raise children without getting married, but
did you not think about the child who will grow up without a father?
A child is not a toy. Fighting to raise a child just because you want to... is just a selfish desire.
If you think about the child, you wouldn't do such a thing.
If you really want to raise something, get a dog or cat.
Lady!
What do you mean "raise a dog"? Are you disregarding dog lovers?
Why are you stepping in?
No, I love dogs, so it made me mad!
Whether she raises a dog or a child, it's none of your business.
Did Ms. Jang Hari do anything wrong? She didn't buy it.
I apologize for making you all uncomfortable.
I understand your concerns.
You have every right to say that as moms.
But... the situation was definitely not what you're thinking.
I've been working alongside moms for the last 15 years
so I thought I knew how moms would feel, but
I guess... it's right that I was clueless.
I want to learn more about how moms feel and I want to understand motherhood.
I truly hope I get the chance to be a mom.
Did you finish it?
What do you mean our supporters declared a boycott?
Where's Deputy Editor Jang?
I sent her to organize the storage. We're about to leave for the day, so why don't you two talk tomorrow?
Editor Shim, this isn't something you should defend her on.
Oh, I have the power to do that?
When she gets to work tomorrow, send her straight to my office.
Do you understand?
Yes, Sir.
[the baby Jang Hari]
The number you have dialed is not available. After the beep, please leave a message.
You weren't at Mister Jo's.
People from work go there often.
Thank you.
Why were you looking for me?
Are you worried I'd be crying like a child? So you can pat me on the back again?
I need a drinking buddy, that's why.
I have a lot on my mind today.
Why did you lie?
You don't have a dog.
How did you know?
You'd brag about it.
My Ddol Ddol was very clever.
It never came back after running away 30 years ago though.
Do you think the moms will understand me?
My mom and dad always argued during meals.
My dad always had to drink a glass of water before his meal,
but my mom said it would hinder his digestion.
After my dad passed away, Mom would always put water with his ancestral rites.
Even though, for 40 years during meals
she would always say how she couldn't understand him.
Misunderstanding must come first before understanding.
If you finally understand someone at one point,
then that means you've been thinking of that person the whole time.
It's one person, who can't even understand himself,
that's trying to understand another.
And true understanding will change their attitude.
Although it shouldn't take 40 years.
Why did you come? I might need to be carried home today.
My back is pretty wide. It'll be comfortable.
I don't know about that.
- How about a drink?
- Sure.
Chief was right. You're a good person.
What's good about me? Be more specific.
Let's just say you're an average person.
Mr. Average Person, are you going to stay single?
You seem like a good person,
so I'm wondering if you'll stay single.
I hate getting excited (about someone).
Expecting someone, getting disappointed, getting hurt, and liking someone.
I can't handle having my heart race like that again.
If I fall in love again at this point, life may not be so kind.
I want to live like how I am right now.
Silently. Without anything happening.
But...
why do you want to become a mother?
Because...
I want to be happy.
You...
are very hard working. You did some incredible PR work for the company.
I heard you completely flipped the mom community upside down.
She said she was working undercover.
To fix the situation, I think it would be best to release an article stating that.
- She told the readers she wants to have a baby!
- Yes, Sir.
If we're going to release a statement, we should at least get our stories straight.
Of course, we should.
- I'll take responsibility and fix—
- Stay out of it!
You don't even have kids, so you can't understand our readers. Even if you're qualified,
I don't know if you can be a good editor-in-chief. All you do is cause trouble.
That's why I plan to have a baby—
I knew you were a dimwit from the start, but I didn't think you'd be this bad.
We're planning to hold a disciplinary hearing as soon as possible.
It'll be our first hearing in 30 years, so it won't be easy.
Considering the severity of the situation, we will be very stern.
I'm sorry.
It was wrong to tarnish the company's image.
But technically, it's your personal life. It's not like they'll take care of your personal issues, those jerks.
Excuse me.
Hello?
You're Lee Okran's guardian, right? I'm calling from Big Hospital.
Why aren't you coming? Without a guardian, she can't leave.
What?
- Lee Okran's guardian?
- Yes?
The patient is still sleeping.
Please sit here and once she comes out, we'll call you.
Okay. Thank you.
Kang Suja's guardian?
Hello. My baby needs her vaccine.
Yes, please wait for a bit.
Okay.
Hari, where are we?
So pretty.
It's a bit of a sad realization.
Sit down here.
Are you okay? Sit down.
Even seeing the increasing number of wrinkles on my mother,
I was indifferent and counted my age only.
- Jang Hari's guardian?
- Yes, yes, it's me.
Oh my, how did this happen?
I didn't even know. What do we do?
Because Mom is Mom,
I felt like I could always depend on her.
Does it hurt?
When did it become expected that I'd be the guardian of my mom?
Lee Okran's guardian?
Mom!
Thank you.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Like this, helplessly, the moment that comes when the child becomes the guardian of their parents.
That moment...
We... have no choice but to become an adult.
You guys must've gone somewhere nice.
I went alone because I thought I could like last time.
I didn't know they changed their policy.
Why would you go to the hospital alone? Like you don't have a family?
I'm the only one who didn't know about your diagnosis.
I get a call about your procedure like I'm being called to go on a picnic.
You can't be like that to your daughter.
Why would you make me a bad daughter?
Did anybody say you were bad?
Everyone knows you can't even come home because you work long hours.
Don't worry about me and do your own thing.
How could I not worry about you when you're hurt?
Who's hurt? They said I'm okay!
You yourself should eat and sleep properly as you work.
I'm always making you worry.
Why can't you do the same to me?
I'm a bit...
immature, but even so, I can still take care of you, so please just believe in me. Please.
Why would you have to be responsible for me? Do I have a terminal disease?
If you're going to nag, save it for your child later.
Whether you receive sperm or whatever, do whatever you want after conceiving. It's so annoying.
No, that—
I thought I could raise them well.
But I didn't think about them growing up without a dad.
My greed...
I was fine even with only having you,
so I thought I could do well.
I should have thought about the child first.
I don't have the qualifications.
Did someone say something to you?
No.
Oh my goodness, parents conceive a baby because they want to.
What baby is born because they want to?
Do you think you asked me to be born
and I conceived you? You're saying nonsense.
Did I have to study and take an exam? You're supposed to just learn as you raise the baby!
What qualifications are you talking about?
Aunt is right, there's no license for it.
If there was a qualification exam, our aunt would be first place.
So be good to your mother.
I don't see this as an argument. You are in the process of reconciling and healing, right?
It's nice to see.
Doha's crying. I'll leave you to wrap it up.
Love you! Doha!
What is he saying, that crazy...!
You're not drinking? Let's do one glass.
I'm not drinking because I'm afraid I'll be an alcoholic like you.
I'll sue you for slander.
Don't do it. I want to stop receiving punishments.
What can you do? You're just going through the hardships needed to become a mom.
Now thinking about it, you also didn't ask me.
Ask what?
Nobody ever asked about the reasons, but Han Yisang asked me
why I wanted to become a mother.
Is there another reason besides your motherly instincts?
That's true. That's it probably.
But I came home and I thought about that day.
The day I graduated from elementary school.
Don't be stingy, just buy her a big bouquet. And take a lot of pictures.
Don't go anywhere else. Otherwise, I'll get angry!
Okay.
Dad, buy me a rose. A big one.
Hari, I'm going to put some film into my camera. You should go first.
- Do you even know my classroom?
- Huh?
6th grade, Classroom 5, 4th floor.
You can find me, right?
Of course. Go ahead. I'll follow after you soon.
[SsangGook Elementary Graduation]
[Graduation Certificate]
No matter how much I waited,
he didn't come. I was standing alone,
so it felt like people were only staring at me, so I was embarrassed.
I couldn't go home.
Because I knew my dad wouldn't come back.
Hari! Why are you here like this?
What about your dad?
I don't know.
Hari, take a picture with me. Come here.
- Why?
- What's wrong between friends?
Okay, let's smile.
1, 2, 3!
Okay, one more! Brightly!
- Let's take it one more time.
- You...
look really ugly right now.
Oh gosh. Wait, Hari!
Hey, hey. It's okay.
It's okay!
Why are you so angry?
Jaeyoung!
Mom.
What's wrong?
What about Dad?
Is it tasty?
It's okay even without Dad, right?
Have some pickles.
I decided to become a cool person then.
What's a cool person?
Mom.
I think my mom is the coolest person in the world.
They'll probably cut her salary for 1 to 3 months.
Is this fun?
I'm worried.
What could be worse for a salaryman than not making money?
Is it that wrong?
Not getting paid is the worst thing that can happen to an employee.
I should have quietly taken care of those mothers.
How did it go?
1-month suspension.
What?
Then she won't get paid for a month?
Are you serious? It's not as serious, not as much as to get suspended!
It's almost the deadline, what are we going to do?
Where is Hari?
Miss Hari.
I heard the news.
She got suspended for a month.
She looks super angry, right?
Why are you playing a 2-player game alone?
Okay, let's go.
Right, left!
This is really hard.
You were supposed to shoot that.
No, no, no!
♫ Every day, I find a light ♫
[Lost]
Sigh.
You acted confident, so I thought you were a sniper.
What else are you going to do?
Do you want to go drink or get some air at the beach?
Well, my stress is released. Even though I got suspended, I still need to meet the deadline.
♫ Come close to me ♫
Yay! So exciting!
Okay, let's have some more fun.
Here!
Kyubin, shall we smile?
Kyubin, look over here!
Here, Kyubin! Here!
Kyubin, giggle. Mister is laughing!
Mister, laugh!
♫ Every day I wish to fly just like a bird ♫
He needs to cry for this cut.
Kyubin, roar! Roar!
This guy!
(T/N: Older people use this phrase to scold.)
Mister, this guy! This guy!
This guy, this guy, this guy!
This guy.
♫ I'll give you a hug  ♫
This guy!!!
This brat.
You have talent.
- Please look over the cuts.
- Okay.
Let's look at that one.
It's all good! We should use this as the main one.
Chief Han, you have good skills.
Adults need compliments.
You did well.
Senior, the baby's mom is about to leave.
[You did well]
♫ All the way over there ♫
♫ I see you, my heart flutters ♫
♫ Did you know words like these ♫
♫ You, who has had my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ Even with my eyes closed and my ears blocked ♫
♫ My broken heart ♫
It's done.
♫ is beating towards you ♫
♫ If you are listening to this song, ♫
♫ Know that you are my truth ♫
♫ You are so beautiful, no matter how you appear ♫
♫ You are so beautiful, I'll protect you ♫
♫ Stay next to me, stay here, even if I lose sight of you ♫
♫ You are so beautiful, I'll pray that my feelings
have reached you ♫
♫ Do you still not know? ♫
♫ Words that I have kept in for so long ♫
[Oh My Baby]
♫ I love ♫
You guys were a married couple? Remarry?
Ah, right. The sperm donation.
If it's your baby, I don't have to be a father, so I'll be a kind man.
Really?
Overnight trip?
Isn't she alone with Mr. Han?
You sure found a place that only has one lodging.
I dare you to come back. I won't stand still!
Is he the one that I let go?
How we are going to spend
this night?
♫ I'll pray that my feelings have reached you  ♫